README.md, before:

# Cumulus Wordpress Blocks

A collection of custom Wordpress blocks, filters, and utilities for use with Cumulus Media websites.

*This plugin is not licensed or for use outside of Cumulus Media, and no warranty or support is offered.*

## Project Structure

Structure is fairly self-explanatory...

* block-filters - Filters for core and 3rd party blocks
* blocks - Custom blocks
* cpts - Custom post types
* utilities - Custom utility plugins
* global - Helpers, custom components, icon SVGs
* phpcs-tokens - Used by PHPCS for automatically root-namespacing WP functions/classes

This project uses [@wordpress/scripts](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/packages/scripts) webpack config, with some customization (mainly for output paths).

## Installation

Download the a zip file and install plugin manually. This plugin uses [Git Updater](https://github.com/afragen/git-updater) for updates.

## Development

Development requires PHP, node/npm, and composer.

Setup:
```
npm install
composer install
./.php-cs-fixer/refresh.sh
```

Building:
```
npm run format:js
npm run build
```

Update packages:
Upgrades npm, composer, and phpcs-tokens, runs strauss
```
npm run full-upgrade
```

## Blocks

* ### Anchor

	A separate block for in-page anchors so they can be repositioned by the theme

* ### Big Feature

	A 3-column, mobile-responsive grid of linked featured images.

* ### Collapsable Group

	A group block which can 'collapse' on mobile to a single-level accordion as well as 'stick' on scroll to a parent container.

* ### Donut Graph

	A simple donut graph block.

* ### Family Links

	List children of a hierarchical post type (e.g. Pages) as a menu.


## Block Filters

Filters extending blocks include:

* core/*: Adds margin support to several core blocks.
* core/post-terms: Adds support for custom taxonomies.
* core/query: Adds ajax pagination for query loop blocks.
* core/search: Adds post-type and taxonomy filters for search fields.

## Utilities

Custom utilities for Wordpress include:

* extra-jetpack: Adds options to expose jetpack's modules menu and disable jetpack's backup menu, video and image sitemaps.
* collapse-hierarchical: Adds a collapsing tree UI to hierarchical posts and terms.

## What's with the weird repo name?

Wordpress plugins load alphabetically, and it can be advantageous to load first.

Commit message:

add station finder to readme

README.md, after:

# Cumulus Wordpress Blocks

A collection of custom Wordpress blocks, filters, and utilities for use with Cumulus Media websites.

*This plugin is not licensed or for use outside of Cumulus Media, and no warranty or support is offered.*

## Project Structure

Structure is fairly self-explanatory...

* block-filters - Filters for core and 3rd party blocks
* blocks - Custom blocks
* cpts - Custom post types
* utilities - Custom utility plugins
* global - Helpers, custom components, icon SVGs
* phpcs-tokens - Used by PHPCS for automatically root-namespacing WP functions/classes

This project uses [@wordpress/scripts](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/packages/scripts) webpack config, with some customization (mainly for output paths).

## Installation

Download the a zip file and install plugin manually. This plugin uses [Git Updater](https://github.com/afragen/git-updater) for updates.

## Development

Development requires PHP, node/npm, and composer.

Setup:
```
npm install
composer install
./.php-cs-fixer/refresh.sh
```

Building:
```
npm run format:js
npm run build
```

Update packages:
Upgrades npm, composer, and phpcs-tokens, runs strauss
```
npm run full-upgrade
```

## Blocks

* ### Anchor

	A separate block for in-page anchors so they can be repositioned by the theme

* ### Big Feature

	A 3-column, mobile-responsive grid of linked featured images.

* ### Collapsable Group

	A group block which can 'collapse' on mobile to a single-level accordion as well as 'stick' on scroll to a parent container.

* ### Donut Graph

	A simple donut graph block.

* ### Family Links

	List children of a hierarchical post type (e.g. Pages) as a menu.

* ### Station Finder

	Provides a frontend UI for searching the CSRG station database.


## Block Filters

Filters extending blocks include:

* core/*: Adds margin support to several core blocks.
* core/post-terms: Adds support for custom taxonomies.
* core/query: Adds ajax pagination for query loop blocks.
* core/search: Adds post-type and taxonomy filters for search fields.

## Utilities

Custom utilities for Wordpress include:

* extra-jetpack: Adds options to expose jetpack's modules menu and disable jetpack's backup menu, video and image sitemaps.
* collapse-hierarchical: Adds a collapsing tree UI to hierarchical posts and terms.

## What's with the weird repo name?

Wordpress plugins load alphabetically, and it can be advantageous to load first.
